---
layout: post
title: Minutes from the last meeting 9/6/23
subtitle: Next Meeting, Friday 14/07/2023 - 6:30pm Meet at the radar road gate, Wanlockhead
gh-repo: lowthermensshed/lowthermensshed.github.io
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [leadhills, lowther, men's shed, meeting]
comments: true
---
Hi Shedders firstly sorry the late update on our meeting held 9th June, I have been on holiday. 

Minutes of meeting held at Lowther Hill 9th June 2023 

BANK PROGRESS 

After a visit from Paul Creechan S.L.C and a lot of help from Ewan the bank account is open. 

BUILDING & PLANNING 

I have contacted Tom Moffat, Mccann Builders, Lawie Builders, regarding prices for carrying out the removal and re-erection of the building on the lowther hill, awaiting estimates. 

MEMBERSHIP 

Have printed several membership forms, it was agreed to try and get members from the district, individuals on the committee have taken forms and will pursue to gain members after explaining what the Menâ€™s Shed is. 

FUNDING APPLICATIONS 

The committee agreed that we proceed with funding N.D will complete Micro grant and submit to Leadhills Community Council, also will push forward larger grants from S.L.C. Paul Creechan will be helping with this. 

ANY OTHER BUSINESS  

It was agreed that the Lowther & District Men's Shed become a charity, N.D will contact Paul Creechan for help in this matter. 

We had a discussion on whether to contact David Mundell to help us with the building on the lowther hill, it was agreed N.D to contact him for a meeting. 

N.D to contact Donald Noble regarding finalising the building on the Lowther Hill also final Landscaping requirements. 

Next Meeting Friday 14/07/2023 - 6:30pm meet at the radar road gate Wanlockhead. 

MEETING CLOSED. 
