---
layout: post
title: Minutes of meeting held on 01/03/2024
subtitle: 2 Gowanbank, Leadhills, ML12 6YB. 1st of March 2024 6:30pm
gh-repo: lowthermensshed/lowthermensshed.github.io
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [leadhills, lowther, men's shed]
comments: true
---
# Lowther and District Men's Shed

## Minutes of meeting held at Gowanbank 

01/03/2023 

Attending: J Lowdon (Chair), C Greatorex (Treasurer), N Davies (Secretary), B Fraser (tre), G Hartley (tre), G Elliott (tre), Ewan Allan (IT). 

Members: N Kennedy, K Ledger, J Saunders, W Whitaker, J Currall, R Senior  

Apologies: R Leyden, J Ralph. N Stuart. 

1, Chairperson Report: Bob gave all attending a good update on progress, during the Christmas Break, Many thanks Bob. 

2, Treasurer Report: Clive run through the account, all agreed in order.

3, Secretary Report: Nigel reported that due to the amount of correspondence from SLC, Architect, contractors, ECT, he would not have the time to run through it all, so run over some main points, and all paperwork was on the table for all to peruse. 

4, CLLD Funding: this funding has now been used to pay the Architect, Planning, Warrants, and contractors, for the first phase of the L&DMS Building Project. 

5, Planning Progress: we now have Planning for the Building in Ramsay Road, Leadhills. Also building Warrants to dismantle the Building on the Lowther Hill, transport to Leadhills and store on site with security fence. 

6, Funding in progress: Phase 2/3 Funding has now been put forward to REF and the Clyde wind farm fund. 

AOB: Ewan has looked into purchasing a printer and laminator, as ND’s home printer is not up to the job, all agreed to go ahead, Ewan will attend to it. 

Meeting Closed: Bob thanked all for attending. 

NEXT MEETING: FRIDAY: - 05/04/2024 

AT THE BUILDING LOWTHER HILL 6:30pm.