---
layout: post
title: Minutes from the last meeting
subtitle: 31/1/25
gh-repo: lowthermensshed/lowthermensshed.github.io
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [leadhills, lowther, men's shed]
comments: true
---
# Lowther and District Men's Shed
## MINUTES OF MEETING 
Fri: 31/01/2025 6:30pm 

At the Shed, 4, Ramsay Road, ML12 6YA 

1. Open meeting and apologies: E. Allan, R. Leydon. 
2. Approval of minutes Fri: 31/01/2025. Attending: Bob. Lowdon, (chair). C. Greatorex, (Treasurer) N. Davies Secretary, B. Fraser,(tre), G. Elliott, (tre)                   N. Stewart, (tre), J Saunders, R. Senior,               K. Ledger, G. Hartley. 
3. Chairs report, Bob opened the meeting by asking all members to be kind to each other and respect each other's feelings. Bob moved on to talk about the progress and how in the next few weeks help from the members  will be required, as we have to paint the inside and outside of the two buildings, fitting the new kitchen, all the carcasses are made up, will only need placed with doors and hardware to be fitted. 3 internal doors and hardware, skirting, also one or two other jobs will crop up from time to time, so if members have a little time to spare that would be great. 
4. Clive, the treasurer, reported that the accounts have been forwarded to OSCR and have been approved with no issues, bank balances and a spread sheet were there for all present to have a look, at and bring up any Points, none raised. 
5. Nigel, secretary, we have had another busy month, lots of paperwork and meetings with contractors on site, building is still on track for completion end March/ second week April. With help of members to carry out some of the finishing works. 
The Nortek special needs Workbenches have now been ordered and paid for, with a grant from the CLLD, delivery, March. 
All L&DMS paperwork laid out for all to look over. 
6. All funding is going forward and funding for the build is being released as planned, I am working on other Funding for fitting out the Community Building but all things takes time. 
7. Building progress, I think all agreed that it's starting to look great, and I think we will see a change when we have our next meeting. 
8. AOCB, general chit chat, Nigel asked if we could buy an outside letter box for the Shed, all agreed, Nigel to go and look for one. 

The Chair thanked all for attending and closed the meeting. 19:25. 

Members were invited to have a look around the building. 

Nigel Davies, Secretary, L&DMS 

Lowthermensshed@gmail.com 

4, Ramsay Road, Leadhills, ML12 6YA. 
